# SEFM24_Contribution

## Summary

This reproduction package contains the prototypical implementation of our approach to leverage symbolic execution for precise information flow analysis of timed concurrent systems.

All examples are contained in the examples directory. Executing the provided JAR file (requires Java 21 or newer) runs the analysis on all these examples, printing some results into the console while providing a more detailed report for each example in a Report.txt file in the respective directory. Pregenerated reports are already present. The vm directory contains the image of a virtual machine on which the JAR can directly be excuted.

## Hardware requirements

The examples aren't very demanding. 4 GB of RAM and any reasonable CPU from the last 8 years should be fine.

## Proprietary Software or Data Requirements

None.

## Setup

- Install the JRE for Java 21 or newer (if not already installed).
- Clone the repository / extract the ZIP / otherwise make sure that the JAR file is in the same place as the config and examples directories.

## Test Instructions

Try to run the examples (see Replication Instructions).

## Replication Time

On our machine (32 GB RAM, AMD Ryzen 9 5900X), the examples run in less than 5 seconds. We expect it to be less than a minute even on modest machines.

## Replication Instructions

All claims we make in the evaluation section of our paper can be reproduced by running the provided JAR file (java -jar SEFM24_Contribution.jar). Some results are printed directly to the console, detailed reports are generated in the directories of the respective examples.

## Examples of Usage

Our artifact is currently hardcoded to run the provided examples. The sourcecode could deal with others as well, but preparing them for analysis isn't straight forward and out of scope of this reproduction package. Specifically, the analysis requires an AST of the system, generated by the Karlsruhe SystemC Parser (KaSCPar). Also, due to differences in how compilers handle generics, the system can currently only be compiled with the eclipse compiler for java (ECJ).
